Welcome to the FS Challenge.
The purpose of this challenge is to create a more real-world environment where we can
evaluate how you approach complex problems, manage constraints and communicate
throughout this process.
🌿 Our main goal here is to simply see how you code and what you can do. Please note that
this is called a "Challenge" for a reason and by no means is the expectation that you should
complete everything in the set time frame.
We want to gain insight into how you communicate with us during the process, how you
prioritise, and how you approach problems. And most of all we want to see those
well-thought-out lines of code. So play to your strengths, jot down your approach if you don’t
get to everything and have fun building something that excites you.
Feel free to reach out over email for any questions or help to: Ryan Richard and
Etienne Smith
Note: Since most of our recruits have a full-time job, we’ve scheduled this challenge to run
over the weekend to give you more flexibility as to when and how you work on this. Our hope
is that this will remove some pressure to balance recruitment requirements and current job
deadlines.
Enviroconomy Ltd T/A ekko | Company No: 12338538
hello@ekko.earth | ekko HQ | X + Why The Fulwood | 4 Fulwood Pl, London WC1V 6HG
Overview
Your challenge is to develop a system that facilitates hierarchical role-based permission
management, allowing groups of users to access other users' information based on their
roles within the organisation. This system should not only enforce security and privacy by
design but also enhance collaboration across different levels of the organisational structure.
The solution should reflect a deep understanding of hierarchical data representation and
access control mechanisms, embodying our commitment to creating impactful, secure, and
user-centred software solutions. It is essential that this application is intuitive, scalable, and
maintains high performance under increasing loads, reflecting our dedication to quality and
innovation
Your application will be reviewed in the following areas:
● Overall Structure and Best Practises
● Planning and Thought Process
● Technical Proficiency & Innovation - use of TypeScript
● Database Design & Integration
● API Design and Business Logic Implementation
● Front-End Development and User Experience
● Testing & Documentation
● Reusability
● Scalability & Performance
● Presentation & Feedback
Some specific things that we are looking for:
● Ability to set up database connections
● Ability to create relevant data tables
● Ability to CRUD data tables
● Ability to interface with the database through GraphQL or REST endpoints
● Apply business logic to inputs and results
● Query structure and efficiency
● The overall approach to building a package for an API
● Use TypeScript & Node
● Testing where relevant
● Front-end tools like Tailwind, and Shadcn UI to assist with the interface are
encouraged
● Where ChatGPT or other Ai/LLM models have been used, please note
Goals
Enviroconomy Ltd T/A ekko | Company No: 12338538
hello@ekko.earth | ekko HQ | X + Why The Fulwood | 4 Fulwood Pl, London WC1V 6HG
● You should run this locally
● You should be able to add permissions structures and assign permissions to a user
● A User should be able to query other users based on their permission structure
● A User should have access to all other "downstream" users in their permissions
structure
● Users can have multiple permissions assigned
● You should be able to explain your thought process (recording, overview,
presentation)
🌿 BONUS: This application needs to scale to 100000 users a day. Select & Deploy an app
on a platform of your choice that will allow you to scale quickl